Doc update for Ollama Support. (#40)
fujitatomoya/ros2ai: README.md

### Prerequisites

As described in overview diagram, `ros2ai` uses only OpenAI Python API but backend implementation can be replaced with Ollama that provides the compatible API with OpenAI.

> User need to choose either of them are used by `ros2ai` as following configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
User need to choose either of them is used by `ros2ai` as following configuration, otherwise it falls back to use OpenAI.
```
